# Introdução à segurança

## 291-[SF]-KC - AWS CloudTrail (somente em inglês)

#### 1. What is AWS CloudTrail?
- [x] A web service that uses log files to record Amazon Web Service (AWS) events
- [ ] A web service that controls other Amazon Web Services (AWS) services through application programming interface (API) calls
- [ ] A web service that manages users and permissions
- [ ] A web service that assesses application vulnerabilities

***

#### 2. What are the key benefits of AWS CloudTrail? (Select TWO.)
- [x] It provides visibility by recording user and resource activities.
- [ ] It improves application security by filtering inbound and outbound data.
- [x] It simplifies compliance audits by recording activities and events into logs files.
- [ ] It simplifies threat detection by detecting malicious activities.
- [ ] It gives customers the ability to migrate on-premises applications to the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Cloud.
 
***

#### 3. Which types of information do AWS CloudTrail events capture when a user performs a service request? (Select TWO.)
- [ ] The Amazon Web Services (AWS) events that the user request invokes
- [ ] The cost of the call to the service
- [ ] The size of the request in kilobytes (KB)
- [x] The user who performed the request
- [x] The IP address where the request originated

***

#### 4. Which statements are best practices for working with AWS CloudTrail? (Select TWO.)
- [x] Aggregate log files to a single Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket.
- [x] Turn on file integrity validation for CloudTrail.
- [ ] Integrate CloudTrail with Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2).
- [ ] Integrate CloudTrail with AWS Lambda.
- [ ] Ensure that CloudTrail is available in only one Amazon Web Services (AWS) Region.

***

#### 5. Why is integrating AWS CloudTrail with Amazon CloudWatch considered a good practice?
- [x] CloudWatch monitors and reacts to events recorded in CloudTrail log files.
- [ ] CloudWatch transforms CloudTrail log files into a file format that the user defines.
- [ ] CloudWatch secures access to CloudTrail log files.
- [ ] Users can use CloudWatch to store CloudTrail log files.

***
